hey get some manners we're nice
consideration yeah oh yeah big man of
course you want to hit me that's all you
and I want to do with me so go ahead go
ahead and me no I ain't gonna do it no
oh why because you have because Shelly
you know how to be a man without hitting
I don't like that then what you talking
about man huh you'd better get moving
man I'm not dressed for this
hey you got a quarter yeah just a
quarter come on
no please let me go not good be a voice
for the lost souls we need everyone to
join together in the name of the Lord
wait gotta go I'm e11 what is your
emergency
excuse me
hey careful about what you're doing who
doc gonna shoot fan your own widget go
you've got a guy fuck you
fuck you
don't do this oh my god no no don't just
walk away I won't say anything no
please state your emergency don't go you
can just walk away I won't say anything
you